Is it true or false, do they have it?
What about this? I want to eat it, but look at her and say,
I heard that the lady has already read it.
They have this look, they have a job to say,
Did they didn't didn't didn't.
You deserve to be so understanding.
Don't you sing this?
I know how to tell jokes, and what I just said is quite a lot.
Yes, but on their side.
Not bad, not bad, not bad, not bad.
But it has to be paired with this side, not bad, not bad.
Not bad, not bad, not bad.
You will lose
I always feel
And the injury will cause serious problems
You said you wanted a secretary before
They come to harm me, small and medium-sized
What do you think people here will know?